(Episode 14)
Who are you?
You jerks made my mom get all bruised,
saying that you're giving her a prayer.
You guys need to pay for what you did.
Hey, stop...
Stop that immediately!
Sang Mi. Get out of here.
Dad.
Don't worry.
Almighty will protect me.
All right. Let's see if he'll really protect you.
We shall find out.
Get out of here with Spiritual Mother!
- Let's go. - Now!
Hurry.
What? Why are you here?
Are you one of them?
Sang Mi, we must hurry.
Listen to me carefully now.
I'm not one of them.
I just want to kill everyone here.
What? Why are you stopping me then?
Didn't you say...
you want to make a lot of money and live with your mom in a nice place?
I will...
destroy this place no matter what.
Could you please trust me and go back?
Where is he?
What are you doing? Are you okay?
Dae Sik, punch me.
Dae Sik!
What on earth is happening? Let's go inside.
- What's going on? - Hurry.
Goodness! Hey!
- Are you okay? My gosh. - Are you all right?
Come on.
I'm okay.
Dong Cheol.
I thought you were slow-witted, but you're quite manly.
I just thought I had to protect Spiritual Mother.
What made you think that?
I was told that she will cleanse us of our original sin.
Isn't it right?
You have such a pure soul.
Almighty will make great use of you.
How did it go with the chief of police?
Let me have a sip of this first.
The police force is an organization, and I'm a member of it.
Did you call me here to tell me you can't investigate?
You know that we don't have anything concrete...
except the rumors about his sexual assault and embezzlement.
The police need proof.
Proof?
We recorded the pastor's statement earlier.
We'll soon find the account books and his fake certificate.
That's forgery of official document, fraud, and embezzlement.
Once the investigation starts,
they'll have to look for the victim of the sexual assault.
By the way, mister. I heard...
you were a competent detective from Seoul. Is it really true?
It's not "mister". Call me Detective Lee.
Who is your friend who went into Guseonwon?
You don't need to know that.
Gosh, why are you hiding it?
Do you think I would disturb your plan?
I don't want to put my friend in danger.
Dong Cheol, you can go back to your room.
Okay.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
I see you working hard.
We're getting less offerings these days.
If we run out of funds, we'll have to send...
those poor people back to the evil world outside.
So please try a little harder, Apostle Kang.
What are you suggesting I should do?
Well, we can have a revival service.
Do you think we can have...
a revival service any time we want?
Don't be so fussy.
It's your greed that made that detective come here.
You're accusing an innocent person.
Why is it because of me? I'm also saved by Almighty.
It's not salvation that you sought here.
You just wanted money. Do you think I don't know that?
Listen, I take care of all our affairs here.
Isn't it natural that I pay attention to our funds too?
You have taken enough amount,
so please leave now.
Spiritual Father and I will lead this place from now on.
Eun Sil, you're biting the hand that fed you.
Have you forgotten?
I haven't forgotten it at all.
Stop bringing...
demons into this place with your false faith, and leave now.
Your husband. It's the man you killed.
I pulled strings so you won't go to prison for it.
And now, you're telling me to leave?
It wasn't you who helped me. It was Almighty.
You were merely used by Almighty for his plan.
I cleaned up after you,
and now you're saying it wasn't me.
That must be why you've been holding your head so high.
Do you know why I've curried favor with you all?
Because I'm scared of you?
You and Baek Jung Ki are...
just cash cow to me. I humor you because it keeps you happy,
and you will get money from those people.
Let go of me, you evil demon.
Let go of me.
Eun Sil, do you see it now?
Do you see who really has power here?
Almighty.
I've devoted everything to you.
My daughter, my family, my time,
and even my life.
Almighty.
Please don't abandon me.
(Guseonwon Sanitarium)
Hello.
I'm a friend of Sang Mi.
You're Sang Mi's friend?
Yes.
Where is Sang Mi?
Sang Mi...
wanted me to tell you...
that you don't need to worry about her,
and that she wants you to hang in there a little longer.
My dear daughter.
I need to see her myself.
You can't see her right now.
I should go and protect Sang Mi.
I know it's hard, but you have to keep calm.
You've been doped up with drugs,
and you just came to your senses.
You can't protect Sang Mi when you're so weak.
For now, you have to keep acting...
until your body recovers.
Only then can we deceive all those people.
I understood.
I'll be going now then.
I can't stay here for too long.
Wait.
Here.
Please give this to Sang Mi.
Please tell her...
that I'm sorry...
and that I love her.
I promise...
you will be able to get out of here.
So...
please hang in there a little longer.
Okay.
(Park Soon Nyeo)
(Im Sang Mi)
(Suffering depression and sleep disorder, zolpidem prescribed)
What is this?
Why does it say Sang Mi is a patient here?
Almighty, you saved me with your precious blood. I believe in you.
Please protect my mind from the temptation of the evil...
and help me stay obedient to you even through the ordeal and pain.
You and Baek Jung Ki are just cash cow to me.
It's my mom's birthday today.
(Muji Daily)
I found the medical record.
All believers here are recorded as patients.
Why do you think they did it?
They made fake patients and prescriptions...
to obtain psychotropic drugs illegally.
They force-fed those pills...
to your mom or other people.
Also, they must have tried to raise the sanitarium's grade...
and get the state subsidies by increasing the number of patients.
Look at this.
It's signed by the director of the sanatorium and Baek Jung Ki.
This means they all took part in this.
But do you think...
the police will willingly investigate this?
It'll be hard for the police in Muji to get involved.
I have a friend who works at a broadcasting station in Seoul.
I'll take this to Seoul and contact a broadcasting station there.
I'll try to make this into a national problem.
Then the police and prosecution of Muji...
won't be able to ignore this.
I don't think...
we have much time left.
I'll go to Seoul right now and come back with some help.
Thanks.
Don't thank me. This could only happen because you stood strong.
Here.
Your mom wanted to...
let you know that she's okay and told me to give this to you.
Wait. Wait.
Sister So Rin, where do you keep going these days?
Sorry? Oh, my mom's ill.
Apostle Kang is looking for you.
Hurry.
Okay.
We brought her here, Apostle Kang.
Why did you want to see me, Apostle Kang?
Where did you say...
you went to two days ago?
I told you that I had to go home to visit my mom for her birthday.
I feel like there are so many devils in this place these days.
I should've been careful not to bring them in in the first place.
What did I say happens to you when you lie before our Almighty?
I found out that you weren't a student before you came here.
You were a reporter.
You were a local news reporter at Muji Daily.
Apostle Kang, please let me explain.
Did you come here to approach Sang Mi?
No, that's not it. I think there has been a misunderstanding.
You filthy creature. I cannot stand you.
How can you be so brazen before our Almighty?
Put her inside.
Apostle Kang. Apostle Kang, wait.
Who else is there?
Who else...
is a devil in disguise trying to destroy Guseonwon like you?
I'm going to get rid of every single devil in this place.
Today is the day that our soon-to-be Spiritual Mother...
is going to share what she's learned through her spiritual training...
with our believers...
and her mother.
A Spiritual Mother should be able to...
speak the language of paradise...
in front of all our believers from now on.
If Sang Mi has diligently learned...
what Apostle Kang has taught her,
I trust that our Almighty will...
grant her with the ability to speak the language of paradise today.
- We believe it! - We believe it!
Honey, watch carefully.
Look how faithful our daughter has become.
My savior.
I believe in you, my Almighty, who has granted me life.
You have brought our family here...
and enabled us to meet Spiritual Father.
And...
And I believe that...
the hardship you gave to my brother, Sang Jin, and my mother...
was all part of your big plan to make me become...
the Spiritual Mother.
- I believe it. - I believe it.
Spiritual Father!
Make her take one pill a day.
(Im Sang Mi)
(Suffering depression and sleep disorder, zolpidem prescribed)
I think we should test Sang Mi...
if she's truly capable of becoming our Spiritual Mother.
Okay.
Why hasn't Jung Hoon come back? I can't reach him either.
I wonder if he got caught by his dad when he went home.
Just a second.
- Gosh, it's so hot. - You're here.
It's so cool here.
Hey, is Jung Hoon going to church these days? It doesn't suit him.
What did you just say?
He was...
going somewhere on a church van yesterday.
A van?
Yes.
Did that van...
have a sign saying "Guseonwon"?
"Guseonwon"?
It said, "Join us on the happy journey to paradise."
You guys should be careful too.
That guy with a perm is looking all over the place for you guys.
It's them.
Sang Hwan, what should we do?
Was I correct?
My gosh, I have such a good memory.
Bye.
I think they caught Jung Hoon and took him there.
Please try to find out where he is.
Why are you so surprised?
No, it's nothing.
I'll be off then.
Okay.
I have a talent in finding hidden things.
[VIU Ver] Episode 14 Save Me "Hang In There"
-= Ruo Xi =-
My gosh, I can't believe this guy.
Hey, Dong Cheol.
Really?
Okay.
Let's go.
These guys really aren't humans.
Wait.
Sang Hwan, you should drive more carefully.
Hey, let me borrow your car.
What are you talking about?
- Hurry. - Thanks.
What went wrong this time?
You guys are unbelievable.
Do you think I work at a car rental center?
Thanks.
My gosh.
What's going on?
Bring me some tools.
- Are you ready? - Yes.
I'll be back.
I mean, seriously.
I'm always doing all the dirty stuff for Guseonwon.
How dare she try to kick me out when she should be thanking me?
Those who repay people's kindness with betrayal...
are monsters, not humans.
Gosh, my back hurts.
Wan Deok! Hey, Wan Deok!
That's deep enough. You can bury him now.
My gosh.
That's right.
I'm hungry.
Let's go eat sundaeguk. I'm hungry.
From here, we have to go this way,
and turn left.
This place is creepy at night.
We need to stay alert.
Let's go.
Do you know who she is?
Yes.
She's my helper.
No. She's no longer...
the helper you thought she was.
She's a devil...
who's trying to destroy your soul.
Did you...
get blinded by this woman?
No.
You must always tell the truth to Spiritual Father.
Do you understand?
Yes.
What did...
she say to you while she was with you?
She didn't say anything.
She only delivered Apostle Kang's messages to me.
Did you know that she is a reporter...
who's getting controlled by the devil?
No.
We must get rid of every single devil...
in Guseonwon.
I believe it.
If you...
really did not get blinded by her,
you should...
carry out a fire prayer for her.
Please save me.
I don't know anything.
Please do not get fooled by the devil.
The devil always approaches us in the most...
pitiful form...
and uses that as a scheme...
to weaken our hearts.
Sang Mi, hurry up and kick the devil out of here.
You can do it.
You even prayed passionately...
to our Almighty a while ago.
Sang Mi, you need to run away.
Can you see?
There are so many devils hiding in this place.
Sang Mi, hurry up.
Your mother...
also wants you to...
You dirty...
devil!
Get lost!
No, that's not me.
I'm not a devil.
With the fire of our Almighty...
With his hot fire,
I command you, the dirty devil,
to get lost!
You cannot come in here.
No, it's just that I saw a few weird guys secretly coming in here.
Who are you talking about?
They seemed like my age.
One was tall, and the other one was a bit chubby.
I saw them going over to the storage in the woods.
- We need to go right now. - What?
- They're here. - Who's here?
Those guys who took Sang Mi.
Where are they right now?
They went to the prayer room in the woods.
What? The prayer room?
Follow me. Hurry up.
Jung Hoon. Jung Hoon.
Jung Hoon.
Is that him?
Move over.
Jung Hoon.
Jung Hoon, are you okay?
- Hurry up! - Wait, wait.
Let's go this way.
Darn it.
I see those punks.
Be careful.
Are you okay?
Here! I caught them!
What are you doing?
Hurry up, and punch me.
Over here! Hurry up!
You demons!
Stop them!
Get them!
Hey!
Jung Hoon, are you okay?
I'm all right.
They will...
mess up everyone in Muji if we don't stop them.
I'm so grateful...
that I have you guys.
By the way,
how did you say you saw those young men?
Well, I was on my way to the prayer room in the woods,
and I saw some strange boys passing by.
I just thought they might be the ones.
Gosh, you did a really good thing.
You're amazing.
Not at all.
It must have been dark in the woods.
How did you know they were the ones right away?
I heard their voices.
They said something about getting someone out,
and how they should be careful of this cult.
I heard things like that.
They're acting like they're the truth when they're fake.
We should not be deceived by things like that.
That is why we pray and have worship every day.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - I believe it.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Almighty sent a precious soul to us today.
He is...
a blessed gatekeeper of Guseonwon.
Am I?
Congratulations.
You have been given a gracious duty.
I'm sorry?
Thank you.
Now, Apostle Im should take Spiritual Mother and go.
Apostle Kang, please prepare the night worship with Dong Cheol.
Yes, Spiritual Father.
Please wait.
What is it?
I just received a divine revelation from Almighty.
He says we shouldn't just send away the one who fought with the demons.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Dad, please give me Living Water.
Sure.
All of them.
Thank you.
Sure.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Let's go.
Why didn't you tell me?
Why did you do something unnecessary and make those demons...
come inside of Guseonwon?
Why?
Don't ask me.
You should just ask Almighty directly.
What do you mean by that?
I'm saying this is all because of you.
They're digging up your past...
and broadcasting it on the internet.
It will complicate things.
I think it's time to leave this place.
It's a small town,
and we've been here for about five years. That's enough.
They're doing this because of Sang Mi anyway.
Let's let her go...
and leave this place quietly, okay?
It might cause us bigger trouble...
if the police get involved.
Sang Mi and I will soon have our spiritual wedding...
where she will become our Spiritual Mother.
Until then, please don't cause any more problems.
Darn it, are you insane?
If you want to mess around with her, just do it right now!
Why are you obsessing so much about Sang Mi?
If you need a girl, just tell me.
Among the believers, I will...
It looks like...
Apostle Kang was right.
She said demons have filled up this place at some point.
Are you talking about me?
Those who have lost their faith...
are no longer the children of Almighty.
Apostle Jo.
Please...
leave us now.
What?
I've been treating you like you're really the Spiritual Father,
and you've gone insane.
You lunatic.
You've been convicted of fraud eight times. Prisoner 6100,
that's who you really are, you crazy jerk.
You creeped and crawled to me like a dog.
Have you forgotten it?
Hit me.
Hit me with it.
If you hit me,
do you think you will get everything you want?
The prisoner you knew in the past...
died already.
I am...
the father of all spirits who will lead you...
to the paradise.
Do you understand?
Don't let what happened today bother you,
and pray harder.
Dad.
Yes?
Please let me see Mom.
I can't.
You're not supposed to see her during your training.
Almighty showed me his divine revelation.
What?
Is that true?
Yes.
Almighty came to my dream last night.
He said I have to be with her when I pray for her.
If I do, she will be free from her illness,
and I will truly become Spiritual Mother.
Excuse me, Apostle Kang.
What is it?
May I use the toilet?
My stomach hurts probably because I'm relaxed now.
Apostle Kang.
You need to lead the chant now.
Shall I tell everyone to pray for a little while if you're busy?
No, it's okay.
- You may go. - Thank you.
- Let's go upstairs. - Okay.
They abducted him and beat him up.
- Are you sure about that? - Can't you tell?
Why did you bring him to me instead of taking him to the hospital?
Those jerks can show up at the hospital here anytime.
We'll take him to the city, but we want to ask you for a favor first.
They abduct, confine, and beat people up to death.
I need to get my friends out of there as soon as possible.
The police need to get involved.
I told you the other day.
You guys are probably too young to understand, but...
Don't blame others. Can't you just try?
- What? - Stop blaming the lack of evidence,
the hierarchy, and the fact that it's a religious organization.
Even a dead body has been found. When will the police get involved?
Gosh, you punks drive me crazy.
Chief needs to meet with Mr. Han first in order to take any action.
In Muji, no one can do anything without your dad's permission.
We'll take him to a hospital and get a medical report first.
They committed assault, coercion, abduction, and confinement.
We'll press charges against them for everything they've done.
My dad won't be able to stop me if the media takes interest in it.
I'll make that happen.
So please. You have to do something about it.
It'll turn into a pretty big case once the media becomes interested.
If you help us out, all of your work will eventually...
get recognized, don't you think?
You're right. I should move back to Seoul.
Sure, let's take action.
Gosh, I'm so sick and tired of this place.
We'll get going then.
- Sang Hwan. - Yes.
You should take Jung Hoon to a hospital.
I want to try...
talking to my dad one last time.
Sang Hwan, what will you do with your dad?
If he continues to try to stop the investigation,
I'll have no choice but to press charges against him.
A son pressing charges against his father will hopefully make...
people and the media become interested.
Dong Cheol, Jung Hoon is fine.
I'll raid that place with the police tomorrow no matter what,
so I hope you and Sang Mi can stay strong until then.
Sang Mi.
Honey.
Sang Mi is here...
to pray for you.
To pray for me?
Mom.
Don't worry about anything.
Of course. I'm in the paradise.
That's right.
This place...
is the paradise.
Oh, no. This is priceless.
You should've been careful.
I'm sorry.
Dad, can you get me another vile of Living Water?
All right. I'll be right back.
Honey, you and Sang Mi should...
I mean, Spiritual Mother. You should stay with her here.
Okay?
Sang Mi.
Are you really okay?
Yes.
I'm fine.
This must be so hard for you.
I'm sorry.
I should've come to my senses a lot sooner.
Don't say that. It's not your fault.
Those people made you like this.
Now, we need to take them down.
So please...
Try to stay strong for just a little longer, okay?
What can you do by yourself though?
Mom.
I'm not doing this alone.
I have friends who are helping me.
And I'm not weak.
I'm your daughter, you know.
I'm strong, just like you.
So...
don't worry too much, okay?
Dad.
Yes?
I need to use the washroom quickly.
All right. I'll wait for you outside.
Okay.
Is it you, Dong Cheol?
Yes, it's me.
Those jerks brought the reporter here,
but I'm not sure where they took her.
Is there any place that comes to your mind?
I think I know where they took her.
In the basement, there's a separate ward...
where they confine patients that have caused problems.
All right. I'll go down there.
Gosh, why are there so many flies here?
Hey, don't you dare!
All right, everyone. Do you know where I am now?
You remember the scary, shocking video I recently uploaded...
about the cult leader, right?
I'm back at their building. Look.
It's called Guseonwon.
Look at this. It's so spooky here.
This place totally gives you the creeps. That car is...
It's a police car.
Guys, I better hide now.
All right. The car is coming closer.
Both the police car and the other car stopped.
Let's see. We should see what happens.
My gosh, Sergeant Woo.
- Hello, how have you been? - Good. You're working so hard.
- Just a second, please. - Sure.
Gosh, you didn't have to get me anything.
You have to stay healthy...
to provide for your wife and son. Aren't I right?
I can't keep accepting things like this.
Why? Don't worry. No one knows, and no one will find out.
How dare you! Goodness.
Gosh, you sure have gotten gutsy.
Did you run away from home or what?
- Dad. - What?
When will you come home?
You should come home. Do you love your friends that much?
I'll go home today.
Why did you call me?
Because I missed you.
He said he missed me.
Cut it out. You're making me cringe.
Stop missing me. You should spend that time to study hard.
That's how you can be a good son.
You got that?
Jung Hoon.
Yes.
- That silly boy. - My gosh.
Jung Hoon.
I'll take you to a hospital now.
All right. Let's go.
You probably want to say that this place is fake,
but it's real.
I'll make it real.
Sister So Rin,
this injection will make you...
believe that this place is the paradise.
So don't worry about anything, okay?
Why are you here?
believe that this place is the paradise.
What are you doing now?
Are you all right?
If you go that way into the forest,
you'll get to a stream with a small bridge.
You can meet my friend there and get help from him.
I'll give him a call now.
His name is Han Sang Hwan.
What about you and Sang Mi?
We'll take everyone here with us.
You need to get out of here and tell the whole world about this place.
Okay.
Be careful, okay?
I promise you I'll come back.
All right.
Hey, Dong Cheol.
Is Jung Hoon okay?
Yes.
Man Hee took him to the hospital, so he'll be fine.
What about you guys?
We're okay too.
Sang Hwan. By the way,
I need you to go to Muji Creek right now.
Muji Creek? Really?
I helped the reporter escape, and she's on her way there now.
Take her to Eun Sung's place so that she can hide there.
Okay. I'll leave right now.
Dong Cheol.
What is it?
We'll raid that place with the police tomorrow.
This time, we have evidence because Jung Hoon got beaten up.
They won't be able to get out of it.
You just need to hold out tonight.
All right.
You be careful too.
Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
Almighty must love me very much.
I mean, who thought I'd run into you right here?
Aren't I right, Reporter Hong So Rin?
Yes, hello?
Sang...
Hwan.
Mom?
Yes, it's me.
(Save Me)
Mom, Mom.
Mom, did you move on your own?
Mom.
Your dad...
Where is he?